happy holidays and welcome back to
community battlecast primetime doom
tanker here with all another episode
full of your news mod fanner and your
battle castings so let's get to it let's
start off with some pretty big news for
command and conquer victory games
recently held their community summit
which they invited 14 community veterans
to the studio to played the new command
and conquer game some of those invited
included a GM launcher Methuselah Z
hypnotist and gun run among many others
we don't want to spoil anything so go
take a look at the video for yourself
it's really tremendous we will also
update the description and additional
links in the article related to the
summit as they emerge the guys over
renegade x posted an update on the
upcoming multiplayer beta and it looks
glorious they announced the multiplayer
beta would launch in 2013 you can check
out the video preview on their YouTube
page and be sure to check out the
official page for all the details a new
episode of C&C Legos is up on youtube be
sure to give it a watch and a piece of
kind of C&C related news Frank kibaki
Fame kubota the classic scene sea games
Red Alert 3 star wars empire at war and
now working with this former Westwood
brothers again on end of Nations has
released a new digital album conquering
20 years it's a collection of all brand
new music composed in the variety of
styles of Frank comply Keys past game
soundtracks you can get the album now on
his official website for those you're
still into tiberium alliance be sure to
keep an eye on the official forum for a
contest such as crypto Thursday or
nuclear Monday where you'll compete in a
short term contest Accord need a nuclear
strike or decipher information prizes
typically include commanding points or
resource packages there are two contests
a week so anytime is a great time to get
in on the action and now it's time for
the mod spotlight this mod spotlight
features 5 mod of the top 100 list on
mod database let's see who's made the
cut so far but first the bonus mod canes
Raz reloaded is a mod for tip Wars
bringing a lot of units from Kane's
Wrath and cnc for into the game more
upgrades more units and more carnage
definitely worth a look rise of the Reds
is he leading the pack in the CCG
games in the top 100 and with 1.8 come
and bring the European continental
alliance into the game it's looking
really good so far if you still haven't
played this mod what are you waiting for
project Raptor the foxtrot code is not
only an add-on for general zero hour but
also for project Raptor seven with new
models and effects this add-on looks
downright glorious to play C&C untitled
set to come out at the end of this year
is looking really good so far giving the
game a nice facelift new maps new audio
and many other items this one's
definitely worth the watch for release
tiberium essence is back on the list
again and this honestly one of my
personal favorites with all the classic
units from tiberian sun including the
mammoth mark to the sideboard commando
the Banshee fighter titans wolverines
hover em all our asses and some new
units or screen too so don't worry this
is a mod worth playing for anyone who
likes tiberian sun and ranting out the
top 5 scene seemed onda top 100 list is
cross fire mod for cnc three adding a
new robotic army to the game called the
series and new weapons in arsenal for
GDI not and the screen this looks like
an interesting mod and it's definitely
worth a look and last but not least
we've got an update for you guys for a
mod we covered last month ra3 paradox we
reported that there are an open alpha
and since then they've updated the Alpha
with the Soviet faction be sure to check
out their new mod database page to
download and read the recent updates
about future projects this is cyber not
bringing you the battle past 3 for a
very specific reason because I can't I
literally cannot bring you any battle
has matches for in this episode I would
have liked to have been able to bring
you a battle cast 5 for the holiday
episode however I literally cannot which
means episode 18 battlecast is going to
be making a comeback in a pretty big way
and then we should be able to get back
to normal production after that and now
it's time for community art not soldier
girl when a little faux not crazy this
episode so let's dive into this batch of
fan art while not entirely seen see
related gang rail fewer did create this
cool design and it features the Empire
of the rising Suns logo and the Omega
name refers does a project that created
Yuriko next is an art poster for the mod
command and conquer renovatio my
emmanuel wolf next this is awesome
poster called the hand of nah
but aqua socks next is actually a photo
of yours truly doing tanker the story
behind this one was when I was deployed
in Afghanistan most of my platoon
actually played command conquer so I
added the mark to Cain to our truck and
we called it the fist of Nod next comes
Superman the man of Nod pedazo diabolos
goes under attack carry six well fix it
now this apocalypse tank by dubiel 22 is
well twenty percent cooler next is an
awesome nod wallpaper by sh for delv 7
and finally for the festive spirit we've
got Kane bringing you some Christmas joy
by adder 24 and that wraps up another
episode of community battlecast prime
time one thing before I go really quick
I want to give a great shout out to the
guys over at the great video game blog
for sharing our episodes on their on
their blog thanks a lot for the support
for the show and of course if you have
any news mod or fan art you want to
share with us be sure to reach snot
soldier girl at our email non soldier
girl at hotmail com or you can message
us on our facebook group and from all of
us here at the show we wish you all a
Happy Holidays epic Kwanzaa Feliz
Navidad Happy Hanukkah hope you all have
a great new year and we'll see you guys
in 2013 and on the battlefield